How come?
Sorry ma'am
My mother is seriously ill and needs surgery
It was the old lady who gave me a lot of money
I just work for him
The person in the photo is not sir
I got someone to put on his clothes and pretend
Sir did not cheat
He doesn't have a second heart for you either
Everything I do is ordered by the old lady
You are talking nonsense. He must have been bribed by Bucheon.
To slander me
You can't believe it.
You said you were instructed by the old lady
What evidence do you have?
Yes.
This is the card the old lady gave me
I dare not lie to you.
Mom, this is the card I gave you.
Why is it in his hands?
He must have stolen it.
I have never done such a thing.
I've been looking for you for 20 years
How could I possibly let you two separate?
Because you are not Xiaojie's biological mother at all
The green silk appraisal report is very clear
I am the mother
Why don't you wear collusion?
I want to do the wooden report in our place
You want to pay it back.
That is the real blue silk appraisal report.
Shen Guiying is Meng Jie's biological mother